# projgen

This Dart command-line tool automates the generation of the project structure, folders, and files based on a YAML configuration. It simplifies project setup and ensures consistent organization across projects.

## Installation

To install `projgen`, ensure you have [Dart SDK](https://dart.dev/get-dart) installed. Then run the following command:

`dart pub global activate projgen`

## Usage

Navigate to the folder where you want to generate the structure.

To generate the necessary folders and files, use the following command:

`projgen --structure` or `projgen -s`

To generate a single feature:

`projgen --feature featureX` or `projgen -f featureX`

NB: The project structure must be generated before you can add a feature.

## YAML Configuration

The YAML configuration file defines the project structure at a high level.

Create a `projgen.yaml` file at the root of the Dart or Flutter project.

Here is an example:

```
# Name of your project
name: demo

# Overall folder structure of the project
structure:
  # demo is used to show how the project works, in a typical Flutter
  # or Dart project, this will be lib
  - demo:
      - src:
          - main_dev.dart
          - main_prod.dart
          - app.dart
          - config.dart
          - core:
              - network:
              - shared:
              - routes:
              - styles:
          - features:
          - repositories:
          - services:
          - widgets:

# folder structure for each feature
feature:
  - models:
  - views:
  - providers:
  - states:
  - notifiers:
```

Check the demo folder to see the folder structure generated by the tool.

Modify the YAML configuration file to match your desired project structure. Define directories, files, and their hierarchy according to your project's requirements.

# Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you encounter any issues or have suggestions for improvements, please create a new issue or submit a pull request.

# License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/license/mit/)
